help graph3d
  Three dimensional graphs.
  
  Elementary 3-D plots.
    plot3      - Plot lines and points in 3-D space.
    mesh       - 3-D mesh surface.
    surf       - 3-D colored surface.
    fill3      - Filled 3-D polygons.
   
  Color control.
    colormap   - Color look-up table.
    caxis      - Pseudocolor axis scaling.
    shading    - Color shading mode.
    hidden     - Mesh hidden line removal mode.
    brighten   - Brighten or darken color map.
    colordef   - Set color defaults.
    graymon    - Set graphics defaults for gray-scale monitors.
    cmpermute  - Rearrange colors in colormap.
    cmunique   - Eliminate unneeded colors in colormap of indexed image.
    imapprox   - Approximate indexed image by one with fewer colors.
 
  Lighting.
    surfl      - 3-D shaded surface with lighting.
    lighting   - Lighting mode.
    material   - Material reflectance mode.
    specular   - Specular reflectance.
    diffuse    - Diffuse reflectance.
    surfnorm   - Surface normals.
 
  Color maps.
    parula     - Blue-green-orange-yellow color map
    hsv        - Hue-saturation-value color map.
    hot        - Black-red-yellow-white color map.
    gray       - Linear gray-scale color map.
    bone       - Gray-scale with tinge of blue color map.
    copper     - Linear copper-tone color map.
    pink       - Pastel shades of pink color map.
    white      - All white color map.
    flag       - Alternating red, white, blue, and black color map.
    lines      - Color map with the line colors.
    colorcube  - Enhanced color-cube color map.
    vga        - Windows colormap for 16 colors.
    jet        - Variant of HSV.
    prism      - Prism color map.
    cool       - Shades of cyan and magenta color map.
    autumn     - Shades of red and yellow color map.
    spring     - Shades of magenta and yellow color map.
    winter     - Shades of blue and green color map.
    summer     - Shades of green and yellow color map.
 
  Transparency.
    alpha      - Transparency (alpha) mode.
    alphamap   - Transparency (alpha) look-up table.
    alim       - Transparency (alpha) scaling
 
  Axis control.
    axis       - Control axis scaling and appearance.
    zoom       - Zoom in and out on a 2-D plot.
    grid       - Grid lines.
    box        - Axis box.
    hold       - Hold current graph.
    axes       - Create axes in arbitrary positions.
    subplot    - Create axes in tiled positions.
    daspect    - Data aspect ratio.
    pbaspect   - Plot box aspect ratio.
    xlim       - X limits.
    ylim       - Y limits.
    zlim       - Z limits.
 
  Viewpoint control.
    view       - 3-D graph viewpoint specification.
    viewmtx    - View transformation matrix.
    rotate3d   - Interactively rotate view of 3-D plot.
 
  Camera control.
    campos     - Camera position.
    camtarget  - Camera target.
    camva      - Camera view angle.
    camup      - Camera up vector.
    camproj    - Camera projection.
 
  High level camera control.
    camorbit   - Orbit camera.
    campan     - Pan camera.
    camdolly   - Dolly camera.
    camzoom    - Zoom camera.
    camroll    - Roll camera.
    camlookat  - Move camera and target to view specified objects.
    cameratoolbar - Interactively manipulate camera.
 
  High level light control.
    camlight   - Creates or sets position of a light.
    lightangle - Spherical position of a light.
 
  Graph annotation.
    title      - Graph title.
    xlabel     - X-axis label.
    ylabel     - Y-axis label.
    zlabel     - Z-axis label.
    text       - Text annotation.
    gtext      - Mouse placement of text.
    plotedit   - Experimental graph editing and annotation tools.
 
  Hardcopy and printing.
    print      - Print graph or Simulink system; or save graph to MATLAB file.
    printopt   - Printer defaults.
    orient     - Set paper orientation. 
 
  See also graph2d, specgraph.




>> help graph2d
  Two dimensional graphs.
  
  Elementary X-Y graphs.
    plot      - Linear plot.
    loglog    - Log-log scale plot.
    semilogx  - Semi-log scale plot.
    semilogy  - Semi-log scale plot.
    polar     - Polar coordinate plot.
    plotyy    - Graphs with y tick labels on the left and right.
 
  Axis control.
    axis       - Control axis scaling and appearance.
    zoom       - Zoom in and out on a 2-D plot.
    grid       - Grid lines.
    box        - Axis box.
    rbbox      - Rubberband box.
    hold       - Hold current graph.
    axes       - Create axes in arbitrary positions.
    subplot    - Create axes in tiled positions.
 
  Graph annotation.
    plotedit  - Tools for editing and annotating plots.
    title     - Graph title.
    xlabel    - X-axis label.
    ylabel    - Y-axis label. 
    texlabel  - Produces the TeX format from a character string.
    text      - Text annotation.
    gtext     - Place text with mouse.
 
  Hardcopy and printing.
    print      - Print graph or Simulink system; or save graph to MATLAB file.
    printopt   - Printer defaults.
    orient     - Set paper orientation. 
 
  See also graph3d, specgraph.

>> help stem3
 stem3  3-D stem plot.
    stem3(Z) plots the discrete surface Z as stems from the xy-plane
    terminated with circles for the data value.
 
    stem3(X,Y,Z) plots the surface Z at the values specified
    in X and Y.
 
    stem3(...,'filled') produces a stem plot with filled markers.
 
    stem3(...,LINESPEC) uses the linetype specified for the stems and
    markers.  See PLOT for possibilities.
 
    stem3(AX,...) plots into AX instead of GCA.
 
    H = stem3(...) returns a stem object.
 
    See also stem, quiver3.

    Documentation for stem3


help stairs
 stairs Stairstep plot.
    stairs(Y) draws a stairstep graph of the elements of vector Y.
 
    stairs(X,Y) draws a stairstep graph of the elements in vector Y at
    the locations specified in X.
 
    stairs(...,STYLE) uses the plot linestyle specified by the
    string STYLE.
 
    stairs(AX,...) plots into AX instead of GCA.
 
    H = stairs(X,Y) returns a vector of stairseries handles.
 
    [XX,YY] = stairs(X,Y) does not draw a graph, but returns vectors
    X and Y such that PLOT(XX,YY) is the stairstep graph.
 
    The above inputs to stairs can be followed by property/value
    pairs to specify additional properties of the stairseries object.
 
    Stairstep plots are useful for drawing time history plots of
    zero-order-hold digital sampled-data systems.
 
    See also bar, histogram, stem.

    Documentation for stairs